[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: I think we'll go
ahead and go over some of the results.
It looks like we had folks step
up to the challenge, once again,
with some solutions that are looking
correct, like something we can ship.
The first one I wanted to check
was the pull request from Lucas,
here in the room, that added the uglify
configuration to the application.
So what Lucas did here,
bump that up a little bit.
So what Lucas did in the grunt file
is he added a new configuration for
the uglify task.
He created a target called my_target.
Not a super descriptive name,
but I think I think it does work.
We can probably follow on and
figure out something for that.
I think in this case, maybe like dist or
something like that would be appropriate.
But in this case,
we are gonna be taking app.js and
writing it out to app.js.
Now in this case, I probably would
have added like a .min.js or
something to the to the end,
to sort of specify it.
That it would be the minified
version rather than the regular
uncompressed version.
But that's generally
what we're looking for.
We need this file,
which is public/app.js, to be uglified.
And in this case,
we're gonna output it to the same file.
Probably, we'd wanna do a different file,
but that's generally what we need.
And then we also have
the uglify task loaded in
from grunt-contrib,
which is exactly what we need.
And then we also add in the uglify
task to the collect_static command.
Which was the desired enhancement
that we had to the project.
And we also required the 2.0 version
of uglify, which, I think, sounds fine.
And actually here I just pulled
down Lucas' branch locally so
I could check it out.
So if we run grunt collect_static,
>> Kevin Whinnery: That's
gonna run our browserify task.
And then we also see that we ran
the uglify task successfully.
And then if we look at our public
directory, which is the desired output,
we definitely have some
uglified JavaScript in there.
So a couple bits to tweak,
but that definitely works.
So like, [APPLAUSE] excellent work, Lucas,
very nicely done.
>> Speaker 2: How did he know to get
the version 2.0.-whatever of uglify?
>> Kevin Whinnery: My guess is that
what he did was do npminstall--save
grunt-contrib uglify.
Which will add the latest
stable version of that
track folder to npm,
your package.json, excuse me.
So that's totally good, I think, well,
I may make a few minor modifications.
And push it up before I push it into
master, but that's what we need.
So you definitely get the free taco there.
That's a lie,
there are no free tacos, sorry.
I probably should have brought tacos.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Kevin Whinnery: That would have been
a good idea.
All right, so let's take a look at one
of the other solutions that we had.
So that was what we were looking for,
for uglify.
And then we needed a npm script to look,
>> Kevin Whinnery: To
actually run the migrations.
>> Kevin Whinnery: So
we have one pull request for
that, so let's let's take a look.
All right, so this pull request
also includes the uglify solution,
which is just fine.
Usually we wanna keep one pull
request to one issue, but
I won't wrist-slap very hard for
that here.
I appreciate-
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Kevin Whinnery: What's that?
>> Speaker 3: It didn't originally.
I think he just forgot to branch.
>> Kevin Whinnery: It's okay,
that's just fine.
All right, so the key bit that we have
here is the migrate
command was added here.
Maybe it'll be a little bit easier
if we actually view the file.
So we have this prestart command.
And that's actually gonna be executed on
our Elastic Beanstalk instance before
the server process is started to run
any pending database migrations.
But we also wanted to
have a custom script.
Because that prestart could
eventually do other things
besides just run the migrations.
So we created another task called migrate,
which also used the local version
of sequelize to run the migrations.
So just for the sake of expedience, I'll
copy that just to see what that's gonna
do.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And
the thing I was hinting at in
the comments, if you were kind of reading
through that thread, is that the way
that you invoke like nonstandard npm
scripts is slightly different than for
those that you would that run otherwise.
So if I say like npm start,
>> Kevin Whinnery: That's
gonna run the migrations.
And it's going to start up my
development server process on port 3000.
So npm already knows how to npm start.
But if I say npm migrate,
it's gonna say, what?
I don't know,
I don't know what a migrate is.
So it's not one of the sort of built-in
commands that npm knows about.
So rather than saying npm migrate,
I'm gonna say npm run-script,
>> Kevin Whinnery: migrate,
and then that's going to run my migrations
using the built-in sequelize module.
So if you add commands to
the package.json that aren't part
of the known set of npm commands,
you do have to add in that extra
run-script prefix before you
could run those commands.
So that was the bit that I
wanted to point out there.